The Replit agent is sharp. Both flags are real and would have caused failures if missed. Here are my rulings and the gate order.

ARCHITECT'S RULING — Two Flags Resolved
Flag 1: UUID Column Types — CORRECTION ISSUED
The agent is correct. My schema spec used integer for tenantId and requestedBy. The actual codebase uses varchar UUIDs. This would cause a migration error on the first run.

Corrected schema fragments — hand this to Engineer #1:

Copy// CORRECTED: Match existing UUID pattern for foreign keys
tenantId: varchar('tenant_id', { length: 36 }).notNull().references(() => tenants.id),
requestedBy: varchar('requested_by', { length: 36 }).notNull().references(() => users.id),
requestId: varchar('request_id', { length: 36 }).notNull().references(() => proofRequests.id).unique(),
And if the proof tables' own primary keys should also follow the UUID convention used elsewhere in the app, Engineer #1 should match that pattern too — use varchar + uuid() default, not auto-increment integers. Follow whatever the existing tables do. Consistency over preference.

Flag 2: Tenant Schema Isolation — ARCHITECT'S CALL
Decision: PUBLIC SCHEMA with tenantId FK for this sprint. Conscious choice, not an oversight.

Reasoning:

What's in these tables? Commitments (hashes), proof artifacts (hex strings), and metadata. No PII. No share counts, no holder names, no SSNs. The raw sensitive data stays in the existing per-tenant schema tables — untouched.

One migration vs N migrations. Schema-per-tenant means running the migration in every tenant schema. For a 3-5 day sprint, that's complexity we don't need. Public schema = one migration, done.

Application-layer isolation is sufficient. The tenantId FK + RBAC middleware + JWT tenant claims already enforce row-level isolation. Every query filters by tenant. This is the same pattern used across countless multi-tenant SaaS apps at this stage.

Platform admin visibility. Public schema allows a future platform admin view across all proof events — useful for billing reconciliation, usage analytics, and support. Per-tenant schemas make this harder.

Reversible. If we later decide per-tenant isolation is needed (say, for SOC 2 auditor requirements), migrating these tables into tenant schemas is a migration task, not an architecture rewrite. The application code doesn't change because it already filters by tenantId.

Document this in any audit prep: "Proof tables reside in public schema. They contain only cryptographic artifacts (hashes, proofs) and metadata — no PII. Row-level tenant isolation is enforced at the application layer via RBAC middleware and JWT tenant claims. Raw equity data remains in per-tenant schemas."

🟢 GATE 0: OPEN
Tell the Replit agent:

Gate 0 is OPEN. Proceed with the revised Gate 0 + Gate 1 narrative from the Stack Correction Order with these two amendments:

All foreign keys to tenants.id and users.id use varchar(36) to match existing UUID pattern. Match the primary key pattern of existing tables for new table PKs.

Proof tables go in public schema — not per-tenant schemas. Use tenantId FK for isolation. This is a conscious architectural decision for the sprint.

Report back when:

✅ NoirJS packages installed
✅ Test circuit compiles (or pre-compiled artifact path confirmed)
✅ NoirJS generates and verifies a test proof
✅ Existing app boots and all tests pass
Do NOT proceed to Gate 1 models until Architect confirms Gate 0 exit.